docs: Add Note reg. PVC Pending State When Using WaitForFirstConsumer (#528)
openebs/website: docs/main/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-local-storage.md

<font size="7" color="orange">General Troubleshooting</font>

### Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) in Pending state {#pvc-in-pending-state}

Created a PVC using localpv-hostpath storage class. But the PV is not created and PVC in Pending state.

**Troubleshooting**

The default localpv storage classes from openebs have `volumeBindingMode: WaitForFirstConsumer`. This means that only when the application pod that uses the PVC is scheduled to a node, the provisioner will receive the volume provision request and will create the volume.

:::note

> When utilizing the `WaitForFirstConsumer` in Kubernetes, it is imperative not to set the `nodeName` in the Pod specification to specify node affinity. Assigning `nodeName` in such scenarios bypasses the scheduler, leading to PVCs remaining in a Pending state.

Reviewer: nit: with imperative sounds a bit too formal
perhaps more like the K8s own words which also adds a suggestion on what to use:

```suggestion
If you choose to use WaitForFirstConsumer, do not use nodeName in the Pod spec to specify node affinity. If nodeName is used in this case, the scheduler will be bypassed and PVC will remain in pending state.

Instead, you can use node selector for kubernetes.io/hostname.
```
